FUCKSOCKS! I was sweeping up after a hard day's work of feeding the penguins and coding ruby
and found that there was no documentation for this application. Imagine the number of developers
that will end up in mental homes if this situation continues? I hope this will make you happy but
most of all I hope the bees do not die. Peanut butter without honey on crumpets would just not be the 
same.

You'll find the code base is largely completely uncommented, unless it has had comments added by me.
If you can, pull out your sword of hope and add some yourself. The best commment wins a cup. 

The make_resourceful gem is in use so this affects controllers and views with the ubiquitous use of 
current_object. I'd recommend casting your eyeballs over this page to get down with the plan
http://github.com/hcatlin/make_resourceful

Tests

There is a reasonably good test suite in place, although I'm not sure of how much recent development has 
been tested. The test framework uses Machinist for factories, Shoulda and test unit. 

There isn't too much low level stuff - it is mostly integration tests. 

Deployment

The staging environment is published to apu.pebbleit.com, an Ubuntu server running at Pebble HQ. This serves the ideapi.net domain. This uses a standard capistrano / git workflow so refer to the /config/deploy/staging.rb

The production environment uses the production branch of the git repository so merge the master branch into this when you are ready to deploy. Apparently no one knows the password for jason@ideapi.com so it is a bit like a secret club. You need to get someone who currently has access to add your public key to the account. If after this document has been written the situation is resolved the best place to look for credentials is in Mortimer http://mortimer.apu.pebbleit.com/. This is also like a gentleman's club so if you don't have a password you will need to ask someone or stand outside the office and wink in the right manner. 

The production server is a Slicehost Ubuntu server. If you need credentials for the Slicehost account look in Mortimer.
